STEAM.md, before:

# Steam Games

## HITMAN World of Assassination
``gamemoderun %command%``
- ge 8-23 works
- ge 8-26 works
- ge 8-32 does not work anymore!
- exclusive fullscreen 50 instead 30 fps
- but all settings rainbow lighting
- doesnt start with 7 9 e h or ge
- `-USEALLAVAILABLECORES` leads to rainbow lighting
- disable ecores (number of cores? weak cores?)

## Mass Effect Legendary Edition
``gamemoderun %command%``
- 7.0.6 to install ea
- experimental
- ge9-23
- runs exceptionally well stable no jitters no artifacts, 120 fps WOW

## Hellcard
``PROTON_USE_WINED3D=1 PROTON_NO_FSYNC=1 PROTON_NO_ESYNC=1 MESA_GL_VERSION_OVERRIDE=4.4 %command% -USEALLAVAILABLECORES``
- browse game files before first run and...
  - make sure that `registry_ccg.xml` contains the correct screen resolution
  - set `enable_game_analytics` in `ccg_custom_settings.txt` to 0

## Helldivers 2
``%command% --use-d3d11 -USEALLAVAILABLECORES``
- gamemoderun leads to game guard errors, won't even start with it
- ge 10-25
- for some reason dx12 (standard) doesn't work anymore (black screen with running game and hud (you can hear and move normally) as soon as entering any mission), it used to. (uncapped fps, 40-50) and the performance was way better.
- ingame options:
  - disable cross play (prevent crashing loading into missions screens)
  - cap 30, uncapped will result in laggy mouse and your character walking slow motion

## Mechabellum
``gamemoderun %command%``
- Proton Experimental works perfectly
- GE does not work at all, game never finishes "Establishing connection to server..." at startup 
- lock fps @30, it will break down to single digit fps in later rounds anyway

## Sniper Elite: Resistance
``PULSE_LATENCY_MSEC=90 gamemoderun %command% -USEALLAVAILABLECORES``
- Proton 10.0.1
- disable efficiency cores or the performance will drop to from 40 to 15 fps within minutes of loading a game
- crackling audio only in cutscenes and kill cams, not in normal game
- fix with pulse buffer, the less the better (less lag) (I needed 90)
- `-USEALLAVAILABLECORES` gives 5 FPS boost (on 6 real cores without HT)

## Half Sword Demo / Playtest
``gamemoderun %command%``
- ge10-15

## LEGO Star Wars
``PROTON_USE_WINED3D=1 PROTON_NO_ESYNC=1 PROTON_NO_FSYNC=1 gamemoderun %command%``
- Proton 7.0.6

## RoboCop: Rogue City
``PULSE_LATENCY_MSEC=30 gamemoderun %command% -USEALLAVAILABLECORES``
- ge10-8
- badly optimized, needs to run with xess on performance (allthough it's still really enjoyable!)

## GTA V Enhanced
``-nobattleeye`` 
- ge10-10
- singleplayer only, hassle-free out of the box. `gamemoderun` does not work.

## GTA V Legacy
``gamemoderun %command% -nobattleeye`` 
- ge10-11
- singleplayer only, hassle-free out of the box. Way better performance (and no drops / stuttering than Enhanced version)
 
## next
``gamemoderun %command%``
- version
- review

Commit message:

Update proton settings for various games

STEAM.md, after:

# Steam Games

## HITMAN World of Assassination
``gamemoderun %command% -USEALLAVAILABLECORES``
- it used to work best with a proton-ge between (!) 8-23 and 8-26
- since eminem update that does not work at all anymore. best performance as of january 2026: Proton Hotfix!
- exclusive fullscreen for better fps

## Mass Effect Legendary Edition
``gamemoderun %command%``
- 7.0.6 to install ea
- experimental
- ge9-23
- runs exceptionally well stable no jitters no artifacts, 120 fps WOW

## Hellcard
``PROTON_USE_WINED3D=1 PROTON_NO_FSYNC=1 PROTON_NO_ESYNC=1 MESA_GL_VERSION_OVERRIDE=4.4 %command% -USEALLAVAILABLECORES``
- browse game files before first run and...
  - make sure that `registry_ccg.xml` contains the correct screen resolution
  - set `enable_game_analytics` in `ccg_custom_settings.txt` to 0

## Helldivers 2
``--use-d3d11 -USEALLAVAILABLECORES``
- gamemoderun leads to game guard errors, won't even start with it
- ge 10-28
- ingame options:
  - disable cross play (prevent crashing loading into missions screens)
  - disable async compute in graphics settings
  - cap 30, uncapped will result in laggy mouse and your character walking slow motion

## Mechabellum
``gamemoderun %command%``
- Proton Experimental works perfectly
- GE does not work at all, game never finishes "Establishing connection to server..." at startup 
- lock fps @30, it will break down to single digit fps in later rounds anyway

## Sniper Elite: Resistance
``PULSE_LATENCY_MSEC=90 gamemoderun %command% -USEALLAVAILABLECORES``
- Proton 10.0.1
- disable efficiency cores or the performance will drop to from 40 to 15 fps within minutes of loading a game
- crackling audio only in cutscenes and kill cams, not in normal game
- fix with pulse buffer, the less the better (less lag) (I needed 90)
- `-USEALLAVAILABLECORES` gives 5 FPS boost (on 6 real cores without HT)

## Half Sword Demo / Playtest
``gamemoderun %command%``
- ge10-15

## LEGO Star Wars
``PROTON_USE_WINED3D=1 PROTON_NO_ESYNC=1 PROTON_NO_FSYNC=1 gamemoderun %command%``
- Proton 7.0.6

## RoboCop: Rogue City
``PULSE_LATENCY_MSEC=30 gamemoderun %command% -USEALLAVAILABLECORES``
- ge10-8
- badly optimized, needs to run with xess on performance (allthough it's still really enjoyable!)

## GTA V Enhanced
``-nobattleeye`` 
- ge10-10
- singleplayer only, hassle-free out of the box. `gamemoderun` does not work.

## GTA V Legacy
``gamemoderun %command% -nobattleeye`` 
- ge10-11
- singleplayer only, hassle-free out of the box. Way better performance (and no drops / stuttering than Enhanced version)
 
## Escape from Duckov
``gamemoderun %command%``
- Proton Experimental

## next
``gamemoderun %command%``
- version
- review
